Introduce a Webpack plugin for re-exporting the lib folder from a bundle. (#3854)
microsoft/rushstack: webpack/webpack-deep-imports-compat-plugin/README.md

```

```JS
// lib/otherFileA.js
module.exports = require('../dist/my-project').getPath('otherFileA.js');

```

```JS
// lib/folder/otherFileB.js
module.exports = require('../../dist/my-project').getPath('folder/otherFileB.js');

```

## Usage

In your `webpack.config.js` file, apply this plugin with

```JS
const { DeepImportsCompatPlugin } = require('@rushstack/webpack-deep-imports-compat-plugin');

const configuration = { /* ... */ }

DeepImportsCompatPlugin.applyToWebpackConfiguration(configuration, {
  // The name of the bundle that will be generated
  bundleName: 'my-project',
  inFolder: {
    // The folder that contains the input source files
    folderName: 'lib-esnext',
    // Glob patterns for files under `lib-exnext` that should be included in the bundle and the `lib` folder
    includePatterns: ['**/*.js'],
    // Glob patterns for files under `lib-exnext` that should be excluded from the bundle and the `lib` folder
    excludePatterns: ['**/*.test.*', '**/test/**/*', '**/__mocks__/**/*']
  },
  // The name of the folder to which the loose files should be output to
  outFolderName: 'lib'
});

module.exports = configuration
```

> **DO NOT MANUALLY ADD THIS PLUGIN TO YOUR WEBPACK CONFIGURATION'S `plugins` PROPERTY**

Author: ```suggestion
Manually adding this plugin to your Webpack configuration's `plugins` array will result in an error.
```
